{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18180\viewh4040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 //*******************************************************************\
//\
//   File: Cashier.txt          Assignment No.: 4\
//\
//   Author: P Darius Vaillancourt     Email: phaelan.vaillancourt@yale.edu\
//\
//   Class: N/A\
// \
//   Time spent on this problem: \
//   --------------------\
//      Please give a description about your design. \
//\
//*******************************************************************\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Can you give an amount of change so that the greedy strategy does not produce the minimum number of coins in the old British system? \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
	Any domination that holds more than 2 decimal places will not produce the correct change amount.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 		If possible, please discuss a strategy how you may minimize the total number of dollars/coins for a generic currency system. This is a common question that Google asks during its interviews. Note that this could be a quite difficult problem without knowing an interesting problem solving technique which we will cover later in the course. Thus, please do not spend too much time on it. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
\pard\tx707\tx720\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-33\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 One way to minimize the dollars/coins would be to write a for loop which cycles through a currency equation.\
For example, say all dominations are in the form of:  CHANGE = 1dollarbills*QTY_D1 + 5dollarsbills*QTY_D5 + 20dollarbills*QTY_D20\
\
You can then create a variable for each currency domination and substitute in the above equation.  You can create a for loop which first subtracts the largest domination until a negative number arises.  It then adds back the last subtracted amount and than loops through the next denomination until there is no change remaining. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}